# Scholarship Distributer
## What is it?
This program is the work in progress result of my mathematics senior seminar. As MC has had a significant increase in enrollment due to the Speed Scholarship, the current system of assigning scholarships by hand has quickly become less than optimal. To aid the foundations office in scholarship distribution, this program assigns scholarships based solely on whether a student meets the criteria of the scholarship or not.
## How does it work?
The [Hopcroft-Karp Algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hopcroft%E2%80%93Karp_algorithm#:~:text=In%20computer%20science,%20the%20Hopcroft%E2%80%93Karp#:~:text=In%20computer%20science,%20the%20Hopcroft%E2%80%93Karp) and the [Hungarian Algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hungarian_algorithm) have been considered as possibilities for distributing scholarships. Currently, the [Blossom Algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blossom_algorithm) is being used to distribute scholarships, deviating from the previous research on this issue that used the Hungarian Method to assign scholarships based on a weighted system. The Blossom Algorithm takes a bipartite weighted graph and returns the optimal matching. The advantages of this are two-fold. The first advantage is that it takes a graph. Using networkx, we can delete all isolated nodes (nodes with no edges to them) for both students and scholarships, and networkx has a predefined blossom algorithm so the algorithm does not have to be coded (hooray). The second advantage is that the graph must be weigted. As of right now, we give everything the same weight but, once preferences are introduced, the Blossom algorithm will allow us to take these into account with some (hopefully) easy changes to the graph creation. 
